Hello friends how are you
Well let's go to the place where I work and I'll show you each
element of the bodybuilding program without nonsense
let's do it
today we are going to give our muscles a reason to grow was not
kidding when I said without distractions
let's do rowing
it's one of my favorite exercises I do not know why because I like the
exercises now let's go into what is called upside down training that is
one of the components that make my program unique
and forced everyone to do it
whether I trained for a year four years
during the
let's talk about how to set goals and what goals you should
propose you personally based on the type of body you have now
you cold focus on developing muscle you could focus on burning fat
It depends
the first thing you have to clarify
and what I cut you
There is a great debate about whether throwing yourself is good or bad, the truth is that
you have to do it after about ten minutes of warm-up in the
treadmill or after warm-up conditioning that I will teach you
later I like it is to pull shorter muscles work slower and
weakly many people say that if garcía before the impact
He has friends
we have finished the training phase upside down and the circuit
fitness you have learned how to be
we have done shoulder stability exercises
it's time to talk about the first six months of the program
fish the training phase for beginners and
wench make tricep extensions with dumbbells
these are also known as square skulls and buy noses
sandra noses
I like dumbbells
you are probably going to have an imbalance in your arms 3
let's start with the lower abdomen
to teach you a progression of three levels to work the abdomen
level 1 would consist of doing straight leg lifts on a
flat banking
this is level 1 that could be considered the easiest
you just have to be these leg lifts
let your hips take off from the bench
good friends
I am in the growth phase I am trying to do the exercises
that they teach my book to the letter
tried to reach 230 pounds and then I'm going to cut back
remember that if they want to be marked they have to overcome the weight desired by
25 or 30 pounds
so I want to get to 230 pounds
and when I reported I will have abdominals marked at the moment
you can see my abs and
dario de madoff and mixe
four years ago as head trainer
full time under my charge and the
but a lot of them
They are committed to their customers to give them the best results
you are welcome
welcome to my house
this is the house of inter mount I have several interesting things that
tell them
we're going to be talking about bodybuilding nutrition
and what better place for that than my own kitchen
Come in, please
welcome to the nutrition section of the bodybuilding program
without foolishnesses
that's all friends here ends the devedé of the bodybuilding program without
nonsense I hope you had an excellent training I hope you have
learned a lot and are ready to get to the next level
I would like to say goodbye with the saying
a phrase that my father shared with me
He always told me
successful people have developed the habit of doing what people without
success does not want to remind you that everything I have taught you comes
of a guy who has never used steroids
this is natural bodybuilding